MAINT: Update the Call for Contributions section (#18574)
numpy/numpy: README.md

Call for Contributions
----------------------

The NumPy project welcomes your expertise and enthusiasm!

> Small improvements or fixes are always appreciated. (Issues labeled as easy may be a good starting point.) If you are considering larger contributions to the source code, please contact us through the [mailing list](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/numpy-discussion) first. 

Reviewer: "easy" -> "good first issue", fix line length
```suggestion
Small improvements or fixes are always appreciated. (Issues labeled as "good
first issue" may be a good starting point.) If you are considering larger
contributions to the source code, please contact us through the [mailing
list](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/numpy-discussion) first. 
```

Reviewer 2: Also link to those issues:

https://github.com/numpy/numpy/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22

Writing code isn’t the only way to contribute to NumPy. You can also: 
- review pull requests
- triage issues
- develop tutorials, presentations, and other educational materials
- maintain and improve our website numpy.org
- develop graphic design for our brand assets and promotional materials
- translate website content

> - serve as a community coordinator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- help with outreach and onboard new contributors
```

- write grant proposals and help with other fundraising efforts

> If you’re unsure where to start or how your skills fit in, reach out! You can ask on the mailing list or here, on GitHub, by opening a new issue or leaving a comment on a relevant issue that is already open.

Reviewer: line length
```suggestion
If you’re unsure where to start or how your skills fit in, reach out! You can
ask on the mailing list or here, on GitHub, by opening a new issue or leaving a
comment on a relevant issue that is already open.
```

> Those are our preferred channels (open source is open by nature), but if you’d like to speak to us in private first, contact our community coordinators at numpy-team@googlegroups.com or on Slack (write numpy-team@googlegroups.com for an invite).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our preferred channels of communication are all public, but if you’d like to
speak to us in private first, contact our community coordinators at
numpy-team@googlegroups.com or on Slack (write numpy-team@googlegroups.com for
an invite).
```

> We also have a biweekly community call, details of which are announced on the mailing list. You are very welcome to join. 
> 
> If you are new to contributing to open source, we highly recommend reading [this guide](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/).

Reviewer: formatting, and switch "we highly recommend" to a ten word summary of what they will find at the link
```suggestion
We also have a biweekly community call, details of which are announced on the
mailing list. You are very welcome to join. 

If you are new to contributing to open source, [this
guide](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/) helps explain why, what,
and how to successfully get involved.
```

Call for Contributions
----------------------

The NumPy project welcomes your expertise and enthusiasm!

Small improvements or fixes are always appreciated. (Issues labeled as "good

> first issue" may be a good starting point.) If you are considering larger

Reviewer 3: Maybe use a ";" instead of a period and a parenthesized sentence.

contributions to the source code, please contact us through the [mailing
list](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/numpy-discussion) first. 

Writing code isn’t the only way to contribute to NumPy. You can also: 
- review pull requests
- triage issues
- develop tutorials, presentations, and other educational materials

> - maintain and improve our website numpy.org

Reviewer 4: Maybe add website source code repository instead of numpy.org.
